docs: RTD migration (#708)
canonical/opensearch-operator: docs/how-to/monitoring-cos/perform-load-testing.md

```

#### Deploy COS

> The remainder of this section will consider that you have successfully deployed a K8s cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remainder of this section assumes that you have successfully deployed a K8s cluster
```
